hello ladies a gentleman DSP here and
welcome to another episode of ask the
King this is my Q&A show where my
streamstats leaderboard is completely
skewed and falling off the top of the
screen for some reason let me fix that
um this is my Q&A show where every
couple of months um I usually do the
show and answer your questions whether
you submitted them on my forums in the
king of hate com whether you post them
up on my Twitter right over here at they
call me DSP or however you may submit
them sometimes we have a time for a
segment where I answer your questions
from the stream chat here live on stream
okay um the thing is there's been so
much going on in the realms of gaming
and my streams I haven't had a chance to
do one of these shows since January I
know that's been a long time coming that
I would do another ask the king and I
apologize to those of you who are
looking forward to the show and really
it hasn't happened first it was supposed
to be late March but in late March if
you remember we had multiple new
releases like neo2 and doom eternal then
in April I got an ear infection and
because of the ear infection I lost the
whole day of streaming and I was like
well the one thing that could really
realistically be bumped would be ask the
king um since all the other gameplay
that I was doing I wanted to continue on
and not fall behind on alright so here
we are it's actually early May it's May
7th 2020 and this is actually uh episode
everything 81 of ask the king um which
is pretty awesome obviously that this
show has been long-running you know
we're actually getting up to almost a
hundred episodes which is pretty crazy
um now one thing that's a lot different
okay a lot different from usual we've
got a crazy ongoing streak as you can
see of me hitting like tips a goal
during every stream and putting on the
vest in celebration now the vest didn't
even exist on the last episode of ask
the King you guys don't even know what
I'm talking about
but this is basically something that I
started doing in late February I was
doing a retrospective event and people
saw me wearing this vest in a video of
vlog for like ten years ago and they
were like what is that vest you still
have it and I went and found it in my
closet put it on and ever since then
people were like well as a celebration
if we hit your tips goal put on the vest
for
and I've now hit the tips goal 66
straight damn streams which is crazy
okay um pretty damn crazy that this has
happened all right now the vest streak
is continuing on the line today this
very stream if we hit the tip skull I'll
put the vest on during ass the king but
I don't know if it's gonna happen and
quite frankly some people were telling
me that there was issues with tipping so
I went through this big thing and
hopefully tipping is working now I hope
because it would really suck if tipping
is not working I'm not aware and now we
can't hit the tips goal because I'm not
worried the tipping thing is broken so I
tried I think it's working one person
sent a tip as you can see already um
during the stream so we'll see what
happens but if you see me calling out
tips and all of a sudden I put on a vest
during ask the king that's why it's
something that's it's been a running
thing for over a month now and I know
that's never been a part of ask the King
before okay guys now in addition to this
there's been a lot of stuff going on
recently regarding my personal life and
I've been talking about this on my
streams recently that legally I am bound
I cannot mention any specifics
whatsoever in regards to my personal
life but I will right before we get
started with questions here on the
stream I will say a little statement
kind of a pre-prepared statement that I
have about the whole situation so at
least people who are wondering are and
wanna at least have an update you'll
have one OK and we'll go from there but
primarily that's not what this show is
gonna be about it's about your questions
that you submitted on my forums did you
submit it on my Twitter and if we have
time near the end of this stream um
where I'll be answering questions from
the stream chatters as well a few
apologies in advance first of all my
allergies have been really bad this past
month and my throat mm-hmm has been
gummed up quite a lot it's actually not
that bad today but I don't know how it's
gonna last talking for three straight
hours here on the show in addition I
have an ear infection I had an ear
infection in my right ear for a week
finally that was going away and now I
got a left ear infection that I'm
putting medicine in every day so my
whole like my ears clogged up my
equilibriums thrown off it's really
screwed up mm-hmm
but I'm doing my best to be here and be
consistent and put out streams for you
guys regardless so if any of that
affects the stream in advance I
apologize for all of that okay guys ah a
couple quick shout outs before
we jump right into the questions all
right first of all hoochie ho Medora
1080 reason scribe for three months and
he says DSP right right right right
which is the emo okay so thank you qu g
ha Madara for the ongoing support I
appreciate that
three months OH Gege derp Seng did a
harder [ __ ] chair and called me an
absolute legend well thank you GERD I
appreciate the chair before we get
started here all right okay now we're
about to get started with questions but
before I answer a single question as I
told you guys I want to make a public
statement about stuff going on in my
personal life but I can't be specific
just warning you guys I can't give you
any dirt or anything like that
alright um sadly my personal life has
been splattered all over the internet
for the last four months and there was
absolutely nothing I could do about that
with this whole process that I was
involved in I knew there was gonna be
things that were public or made public
that there was no control over all right
and so I tried to kind of nip this whole
thing in the butt way back in January I
told you guys ahead of time what was
going on and I gave you details about it
and everything um and at that time some
people were like okay and some people
just kind of downplayed it but then when
the actual information that I forewarned
all of you was gonna hit the internet
hit all of a sudden it was like mm-hmm
every drama queen on the internet
latched on to this story and just ran
with it for months and months and months
and they fabricated the most ridiculous
preposterous insane concocted theories
conspiracy theories and insane slander
and negativity towards me that they
possibly could in order to basically
make it like a four-month three-ring
circus of Wow
Phil's life sucks Phil's going down
Phil's doing this Phil's doing that
doing all these ridiculous immoral
illegal things and bla bla bla bla bla
and none of that actually happened like
the truth of the matter is that the past
four months I just kind of sat back and
watched the hit the insanity happen on
the internet the absolute insanity of
this stuff going on and I mean literally
every day there's something new some new
[ __ ] some new space
negative toxic thing that people are
saying just because I'm in this personal
situation that this is the only real way
I can handle it and move forward with my
life all right
um like I said legally I'm not allowed
to talk specifics at all which is why
I'm being very very general with what
I'm saying here I hope you guys
understand that but I'm sure a lot of
you already know what I'm talking about
okay um so I just kind of sat back and I
was like I'll just what can I do I'm
just gonna let it roll
right and people took that that's
because I was sitting back and not
seeing anything mm-hmm about some of the
absolute insane things that were going
on and the conspiracy theories on the
internet about me or whatever that that
was oh well what do they say silence
means consent or something like that so
because I'm not addressing it that
obviously means that it's all true right
in reality it couldn't be further from
the truth it was that I was in the
middle of a legal proceeding where the
more that I said the worse it would get
for me so I just let people say the
nonsense they wanted to say on the
Internet and I just continued every day
to put out my phone and Plaza to game
play streams alright um in the last
couple of days even more stuff has come
to light publicly to the point where
people are now shocked because people
have made so much [ __ ] up so much
slander people basically content
creators we're not just talking you know
my my haters actual content creators on
YouTube picked up the story of my
personal life over the last four months
and it took complete misinformation or
speculation or lack of any facts
whatsoever and since I wasn't talking
publicly about it said oh everything
we're saying must be true then all the
[ __ ] we made up and took it that
basically my life was gonna fall apart
alright that because I was in this
proceeding my entire life was gonna
completely fall apart this was the end
of everything for Phil and
doom-and-gloom he's on borrowed time and
blah blah blah and then in the last
couple of days um basically the complete
polar opposite has happened all right
things have come out now publicly and
people are like oh my god how could this
be the sky is falling I can't believe
this because we've been talking about
this for four months and this was the
end of Phil and now Phil really is it
must be immortal Phil must be that guy
that's gonna be around
forever because no matter what comes his
way no matter what happens to him he
survives he survived the incident four
years ago he survived constant slander
and controversy he survived everyone
trying to eliminate him from the
internet and now he survived this legal
thing
so obviously and you know this it's like
a mean now that no matter what okay
um no matter what I'm gonna survive
right whatever I you know for me this
whole thing I never wanted to make
public I never would have told you guys
a single piece of information about it
if I didn't know that there were parts
of it that automatically become public
truth in the matter is this whole
process I've been through is something
that many many many people go through
over the years but because I'm a public
figure people were all over it most
people go through this and no one ever
knows about it it's something that's
very private and behind-the-scenes but
because I'm a public figure and I have
so many [ __ ] [ __ ] haters on the
internet they ate up every piece of
information they fabricated nonsense all
right it's complete [ __ ] now the one
conclusionary statement happens again
very general kink age any specifics the
one conclusionary statement I have to
say about all of this is very simple all
right if even a single piece of this
things that people have been saying
about me for the past four months were
true this outcome would not have
happened all right the truth of the
matter is I knew the truth of the
situation I knew what was going on with
my own personal stuff behind the scenes
and I stayed silent I just basically
said I'm gonna really talk too much
about it um because I'm just gonna have
faith that the truth of the matter will
come out to the right parties the right
parties being my lawyer and the parties
we had to work with for this legal
process period those are the people that
matter it didn't matter what idiots on
the internet fabricated or said about me
although admittedly admittedly because
of so much internet slander my process
was completely held up for months and
months and months
all right directly as a result of people
doing stupid [ __ ] and making stuff up
about me and everything basically my
situation was was
gone over with a fine-tooth comb um to
the point where I had to provide so much
additional information that probably
most people would never have to do um
and had to do further disclosures and
the like in order to get stuff to
actually go through properly but the
truth of the matter is everything people
said about me was [ __ ] I provided
the factual evidence of everything that
I've ever said about myself to the
correct parties when provided with that
evidence they said okay wow this is the
truth of the matter makes sense
um sucks that now you have this much
slander all over the internet for you or
whatever and that was that all right
that you and you know there's so many
idiots mm-hmm who have made stuff up
about me now for months and months and
their jaws have dropped oh my god I
can't believe this was the outcome well
you didn't have any facts you literally
stared at a sheet of information that
was none of your business with no
context to any of that generalized
information no substantiation because
you didn't have the information so you
don't know any of that I'm not required
to talk about it publicly and I'm not
going to because any information that I
give you guys publicly will respond
against me in a negative way period like
I know that now that's why so much I've
come back so much on sharing things in
my personal life with you guys because
the parts of this that went public went
public this process took way too long
and it should have been done like this
and instead took forever because of the
interference of a bunch of malicious
individuals so with the information that
was half information people making all
these speculations you didn't have the
full information of course you couldn't
actually know what was gonna happen in
this situation so every single piece of
content that was made in the last four
months in regards to this was [ __ ]
lies and fluff it was stuff to make
people like drama and to make money for
these idiots who knew they had no
substantiation for anything they were
saying right but they did it anyway to
make money and that's the truth of the
matter
anyone who put their foot in the door of
my business which was none of their
[ __ ] business and they knew they
didn't have true information did it to
make money to be a shill to [ __ ] over
people at my expense by the way because
they knew what they were doing was
slanderous and defamatory towards me
they didn't care they just decided to do
it to make up
so now four months later everyone's jaw
drops and everyone's so shocked and
surprised well because you didn't have
the information you're idiots you
literally made [ __ ] up for four months
in order to push your own toxic agendas
on the internet to make money while
behind the scenes was handling it
incredibly professionally wasn't
exposing any information that I
shouldn't that could hurt me and I gave
the correct and proper and truthful
information to the parties that needed
it and now we are where we are okay so
you know I'm sorry to my fans who have
to go through I know a lot of my fans
were really inundated with toxic [ __ ]
over the last four months and I didn't
want any of you to ever become involved
in that stuff but it's kind of hard to
avoid what you got idiot spamming this
[ __ ] stream every single day with it
there's a million videos about it on
YouTube these [ __ ] money-grubbing
drama hound pieces of [ __ ] who want to
drag me through the mud with a nonsense
and incorrect speculation not
information that's factual but [ __ ]
speculation to make a buck even though
they don't care that it's gonna hurt me
behind the scenes [ __ ] all of them
that's why I always been my philosophy
and I'm gonna I'm gonna keep pushing
forward positively that's all I can do
that's all I want to do I don't want to
waste time on my streams and ask the
king addressing this stupid [ __ ] because
it was known to anyone's business to
begin with but they made it their
business because they wanted to make
money off of me and now they all look
[ __ ] insanely stupid because they
didn't have any information to talk
about anyway they were literally pulling
[ __ ] out of their [ __ ] constantly
even people who claim that they're
reputable we're doing insults and doing
insulting thumbnails and [ __ ]
clickbait titles and every possible
thing to make extra money during this
timeframe because they saw my personal
life as a cash cow of drama for them
[ __ ] those negative disgusting toxic
people I don't do that I don't make that
kind of content and I never will
I'm a positive guy I focus on positivity
I tell you guys every day on my streams
I'm not a person who revels in hurting
others submit to get over I will put out
positive fun gameplay content for you
guys and I will continue to be
successful that way and if I fail I fail
but at least at the end of the day I can
say hey at least I put out positive
content that people appreciated versus
oh for four months I literally talked
out of my ass
to make fun of Phil and make him look
like a horrible villian so I could make
money doing it and then after four
months the whole thing Falls a flat on
its face because you were all wrong
anyway because you all made up Shane
right mm-hmm
so this is gonna basically be the last
time that I'm going to bring the [ __ ] up
there's absolutely no reason for me to
continue to bring it up it's over with
an ally I might you know and even though
you're gonna I'm sure this isn't the end
these people who want to be in my life
and with toxic [ __ ] constantly this is
not the end for them they're gonna still
attempt to continue the harassment to
continue the information in particular
all right I'm gonna say one thing there
was one content creator who swears he's
an expert on subjects like this and he
made videos for months about it I
watched a few of the videos no
exaggeration at least half the time this
guy spoke he was legally wrong about
what he was saying yeah he produces
himself as an expert on the internet
about this [ __ ] and it's like if the guy
were supposed to be an expert he's wrong
50% of the time can you imagine you know
all the other [ __ ] the other [ __ ]
are saying that's 100% wrong you see but
I'm just not gonna waste time on it
anymore these people will not let it go
they're gonna continue to harp on it
they're gonna continue to pull it any
little little string or straw left
because they realize now the dramas over
but they're still gonna try it they're
still gonna try it
all right um and there's nothing I could
do about it
I don't have money to sue these people
for defamation so they will continue to
make these negative talks and videos
about me and things that are completely
untrue
from once on end and there's nothing I
can do about you all right they're gonna
say this isn't over they're gonna try to
get it's over for me I'm not talking
about ever again don't ask me about it
on my streams don't you'll personally
you know understand you're not gonna get
another piece of information out of me
about this because it's don't win you
know this is the last piece kind of
public info well that was kind of I
guess disclosed or whatever over the
past day I'm done with it now I move on
positively with my life okay
they will harp on the toxicity forever
because that's what they do they need
that toxic content to
keep existing I don't I can just keep
doing what I do every day all right so I
even apologized Oprah I hadn't even
talked about it on ask the King I didn't
want to well I'm obviously I'm talking
insane generalities gave you no specific
info whatsoever but in a nutshell they
were completely wrong
they made [ __ ] up for four months I was
truthful but I was held the truthful
information for the parties that needed
it because I was afraid if I did put
that information on the internet people
would just use more of it against me and
spin it in a more toxic way I was right
and now because I handle it
professionally you know we can move on
in a very positive way and I'm not gonna
talk about it anymore all right so I
just feel like I just get I gotta get
this off my chest and I apologize guys
but I have to do this [ __ ] you to all
the [ __ ] out there who basically
make a living defaming me every day with
no or half information speculation
controversial drama go [ __ ] yourselves
you know this is where it was gonna
happen at the end anyway and you made my
life a living hell for four months
basically and now that's all over with
and I can go back to just being myself
and relaxing a bit and having fun with
games and not having to worry every
night about what's gonna happen in my
future because [ __ ] are defaming me
every day on yeah I'm just done with it
like I'm finally get like a breath of
relief today and I'm like yes finally I
can just move on positively and that's
where I am I don't care what any of the
rest of these idiots say they're [ __ ]
wrong period all right dawn now some
shoutouts um let's see here
oh crap cog did a hundred fifty [ __ ]
here and said I love the Hat Phil don't
let trolls get you down thank God I
didn't because like I said I you know
there were many times during this
process that people were legitimately
the things they were doing were [ __ ]
me over you know and just making things
be more dramatic more drawn-out more
stressful for me but I persevered I held
in there and I persevered so um go go
gadget vest at me $4.20 and says a great
respect for how you've handled the
difficult situation with dignity well
thank you go go gadget vest
I appreciate that um it wasn't easy you
know it wasn't you know every day I
wanted to come out on on a stream
defend myself and reveal more personal
info uh basically in order to you know
clear my name of all the insane [ __ ]
people were saying about me every day
but I knew I was taking the advice I was
like I knew if I did that it was just
gonna hurt me further and there was no
point in doing it give it to the right
people give the right information to the
right people and keep it out of the
hands of the [ __ ] who we're just
gonna [ __ ] do really malicious stuff
with the info and it worked
thank God so we're gonna we've denied a
[ __ ] here he says I wish you a great
brother my immortal Lord thanks Ratko
charities I love it when you get
passionate it's okay to cry on scream if
you need to in this case I'm not crying
and if I cried it would be tears of joy
at this point seriously um after all the
stress I've been through so mm um let's
see here
coold zero Cheers a little all out let
the John Deere tractors give them the
finger if you eye and then I did haha
basketball American took me a dollar
saying that edibles are hitting him and
he's high as [ __ ] well gee thanks for
the dollar tip basketball American
alright so now ladies and gentlemen that
that's nonsense drama and [ __ ] is
out of the way we can finally get to
answering your questions alright final
we can get to answering your questions
and have some fun fair enough alright
let's get to it the first question of
ask the King episode 81 is from
Shaquille O'Neal and he asked the
following what is the special ed factor
that most movie soft overworld games
seem to be missing that would make them
huge Game of the Year contender is
similar to other open world games like
Witcher 3 or breath of the wild and read
that redemption to I find all the
Assassin's Creed watchdogs Far Cry
etcetera games are competently made they
have some fun stuff in them but I never
get that oh yeah this is the best game
of the year feel from them um you know I
would say honestly its quality over
quantity you when you talk about those
games you just mentioned Far Cry you
know Assassin's Creed let's say Odyssey
because that was the last one and
watched all all those games have a ton
of side content in them a ton of Psych
content in them a ridiculous big chunk
of side content in them all right um
but that being said
how much of that side content is
actually good how much of it is
meaningful and I'll give you an example
here Witcher 3 yes there was hmm excuse
me there were some busy work missions in
Witcher 3 but honestly few and far
between like most quest lines in Witcher
3 felt like there were many stories they
were actually like big meaningful quest
lines that developed side characters or
you would fight us a boss at the end
that was really neat or some of them
were mystery that was gonna take variety
it's not just the same kind of side
content over and over but variety
witcher 3 had stories that follow
characters stories that had much unique
monsters and bosses and situations
stories that were mysteries Oh murder
mystery what happened here and stuff
like that so you know compare that the
Far Cry 80 85 percent of the site
content in Far Cry is hunting gathering
or taking over an outpost and that's it
that's like all of the side content a
Far Cry it's not riveting stuff it's not
exciting stuff it's boring quite frankly
you might like it for the first few
hours of the game but once you've done
it ad nauseam you're tired of it right
all Assassin's Creed Odyssey absolutely
had a bunch of side content that was
meaningful but also it had this
requirement where you had to literally
grind repetitively to level up enough to
get back to the meaningful story so you
had to do boring kill generic this guy
or that guy missions I'll kill the
stupid Centurion guys or whatever they
were called who were after you missions
and it just it padded the game so
intensely that you really felt half the
time you were playing the game it was
busy working boring and it made the
overall experience feel more liquidated
almost you like watered down if I like a
watered down gaming experience what's
funny about this is that if you look at
certain games alright if you look at
certain games like for example the
darkness - or um mafia - these are games
I played in the last decade that when I
played them they were very short
gameplay experience my darkness - is
like six hours long and mafia twos may
be like eight to ten hours long but
those are experiences that lay
it's constant fun story development with
an interesting story with characters
that hook you and by the end of that
game even though they were short you're
like that was a pretty good time and I'm
glad that I played that game I feel like
it was a really meaningful experience
right now compare that to mafia 3 where
they took an 8 to 10 hour
interesting gameplay experience and they
crammed in 20 hours of garbage site
content that was required to do to
finish the game and honestly I like
mafia 2 way better than Mafia 3 because
mafia 3 had so much busy work and
boredom so that's really the thing here
when it comes to these Quetta these
games from Ubisoft right they cram in so
much repetitive side content that's not
meaningful to by the end of the game you
feel like you wasted way too much time
to meet it versus other games that maybe
have more meaningful side content and
the thing is witcher 3 was no short game
Witcher 3 was insanely long but had
mostly meaningful side content and
that's the difference who we saw the
king of the kings of quantity but not
the kings of quality they need to start
tipping the scale the other way I feel
with their major releases okay um let's
see here
dark ludus 1998 to me $5 which became
the top tip of the day he says Phil oh
hey Phil all morning I've been watching
GSP tries it I wish you do those again
you're good at reviewing food the way
that you do um in reality I that
question about DSP tries ax is in the
show and I'll be talking a little bit
about true DSP tries it leader in this
very show okay uh so FYI I'm not gonna
really address DSP tries it right now
because I'm gonna directly address it
later on okay but I'm glad to hear that
you still like the show and it is also
publicly available there on my vlogging
channels for you guys to watch
basketball American $2,000,000 did you
ever do heroin no I never did any drugs
besides pop so there you go and I don't
do any drugs anymore well the a giraffe
to the fifty bit Cheers it's [ __ ]
tray way I don't know what that means
but thanks for the cheer Oh frog ins and
did a 420 bit series it I'm glad to hear
the good news
hopefully weight has been lifted from
your shoulders you know it has um my
past few years of my life have been
incredibly stressful um because of
things going on behind the scenes that I
don't like to talk about publicly but
you guys have
nothing to do with my streaming at all
really um it's private matters and
there's been a lot of nights where it's
like I don't even know what's gonna
happen I told you guys many times I was
afraid that I was gonna end up losing my
home um I didn't know what was gonna
happen and by the way I should say this
I'm not a hundred percent out of the
woods you know my life's gonna be very
rough for years where I'm gonna
basically have to try to build stuff
back stuff that's been destroyed
personally for me behind the scenes I'm
gonna have to try to build this stuff
back up it's gonna be hard I'm behind on
stuff right now like I told you that
taxes I'm behind on taxes that I need to
catch up on and it's gonna be rough
doing that but I'm gonna do my best to
get back to a position over a course of
years here where I feel that now I'm
back on stable legs I've been off those
stable legs for about five years it was
really about five years ago I keep
telling you guys it was five years ago
when my YouTube channels had those false
copyright strikes and my income went boo
that was pretty much the beginning of
the end for me where all my debt wrapped
a massively up and everything got [ __ ]
up for me I've told you this guy's
publicly over the years over and over so
for five years I constantly struggled
with this and now finally I'm in a
position where I feel like I can now
begin afresh anew I need to get back on
stable legs and start fresh I'm gonna
work to do that it's not gonna be easy
but I'm gonna work to do that but the
good news is you know you guys aren't
gonna have to hear about it okay the
evil Green Ranger chair he says I admire
what you went through don't worry about
that people exist out there oh the bad
people exist out there because there are
good people and I support your content
keep it up thank you and gonzo stock
also did a hundred rich cheer thank you
for that okay let's continue on more
amore a-- asks the following um you said
you've admitted two things that were
either partially or completely your
fault my question is what's the most
important thing throughout your life you
admit complete 100 percent of
responsibility from your part um for me
I admit that in the past when I was
younger I was immature and I did stupid
[ __ ] that I regret when I was part of
the street fighter community I was a
troll I harass people online for stupid
reasons I really got on people's nerves
to the point where they're people who
wanted to beat me up in person when we
went to a fighting game tournament which
obviously is a massive violation of the
rules
we're get people permanently banned
maybe even going to jail if
happen thank God it never happened thank
God there was never anyone actually
throwing down because of the stupid [ __ ]
that I said and did and I've talked
about this publicly in the past there
was this one particular guy named Shady
Kay who I was a 100% an [ __ ] to and
he didn't deserve the stuff that I did
to him and said about him um and I don't
know why in my youth I latched on to
this one guy and I really just like talk
[ __ ] constantly and made his life
[ __ ] miserable I don't know and I
regret it like I look back now I'm like
dude I'm such a I was such a [ __ ]
[ __ ] back then you know um and then
later on in my Street Fighter career I
tried to make up for that by becoming a
tournament organizer and running
tournaments you know that basically were
money out of my pocket to run them I I
had the upfront put a lot of the
investment of money and everything to
keep the community alive before a few
fighter four came out and reinvigorated
the community on the East Coast I was
one of the guys that was keeping it
alive for two three years there when it
was dying out because there were no new
games from Capcom for a very long time
um and I basically tried to kind of give
back to the community in that way
because I felt really bad after a big
career being a [ __ ] okay and I could
say it's the same thing for you too when
I started on YouTube and I didn't
realize that the things that I said and
the things that I did actually had such
a big impact on so many people and that
me talking [ __ ] about a game like
minecraft or talking [ __ ] about some
indie game that I never heard of could
concretely change people's minds about
stuff could concretely hurt games and
game development studios like not to say
the Minecraft has ever heard by anything
I said because the game was a [ __ ]
insanely popular game but I just said
really ignorant statements I didn't
realize that I had a power on the
internet with the following that I had
over the years of me having that
following I got a lot more mature a lot
more wise and I realized that yes I did
have power and I needed to be more
responsible I know I know the spider-man
line is very cliche with great power
comes great responsibility the Uncle Ben
line right but god damned is that line
true that when you have power you need
to realize that what you say and do can
either positively or negatively affect
things for thousands of people across
the world on a daily basis
and I've learned that but there's sadly
a lot of content creators out there who
have not and they like I just mentioned
the people for four months literally
speculating and making [ __ ] up with no
factual evidence of any saying about me
hurt me concretely for a long time until
finally I you know I was able to prove
the truth of the matter uh and you know
everything kind of works out but they
don't realize that they think oh it's
all fair game because someone's a public
figure we just make fun of people
constantly and do it or whatever that's
fine right it's not you have a following
the things you say and do hurt people
concretely and you have to understand
that if you're the people the power to
help or the power to her why wouldn't
you choose to help we're in a worldwide
pandemic right now everyone's lives are
[ __ ] up why wouldn't you choose to be
a positive force in people's lives and
help them why would you choose to hurt
for me like it's like I don't know I
would never choose to hurt but these
people choose to hurt so I don't know I
can't speak that but I admit I used to
be like that right I used to be like
that
um and now I'm different I've grown
older I've grown wiser I'm Way more
mature and I don't act like that anymore
and thank God but I admit when I started
in the Street Fighter community I was a
hundred percent an [ __ ] and I
basically trolled and heard a bunch of
people just for the sake of doing it and
you know when I was when I started in
the YouTube community I was just
irresponsible and said and did things
that were very harmful and I'm stupid
for and I apologize for it okay then
last Rambo series of urine born in
Washington instead of Connecticut would
you be in the same position you're in
now I have no idea
and I don't entertain these what-if
scenarios because my life is so crate
chaotic and crazy I have no actual clue
about any of it how any of it went down
okay I just have no idea
Joshua Conor moon to me and dr. trees is
cheering for you King thank you for the
dollar tip imminent give them some to
dakki Smurf congratulations tacky Smurfs
to me I'll take this leaderboard now
while I'm thinking about it before we
get to the next question um it gangster
cherry says would you have one and then
it cut off and introduced it would you
have won the fight against Vasant um I
don't know and I don't care
because that's another thing like in the
mid in the early to mid-2000s I would
start these rivalries and I wasn't
serious about them but I would get
people so angry that they would actually
want to like fight me so like this song
was someone who I basically had this
rivalry with for a long time to the
point where I was like I'm gonna beat
him up or whatever and of course I
wasn't I wasn't serious or nothing but
he was like dead serious that he wanted
to fight me and then eventually we
actually became way more cool like you
know at one point I stayed at his place
we went out I went to California during
evo West and I actually stayed at his
place with a bunch of other street
fighter players we we squash that [ __ ]
years and years ago you know was so
stupid it was just really dumb [ __ ] so
that's what I mean I was so immature
when I was younger it was really stupid
um culito tipped me $1 asking if I sold
my soul yes obviously I did obviously if
you're an idiot
and you think that all the insane
slander and defamation and all the [ __ ]
that people made up for four months
about me was true you probably think I
sold my soul in order to get a positive
outcome but the truth of the matter is
all those people were wrong okay um crab
[ __ ] that a 500 bit series is seriously
congratulations I know how stressful all
this can be I'm in a good place now but
it was real for a while for me and it
makes you lose sleep absolutely you know
um again for the longest time four years
here I didn't know what the hell was
gonna happen with my life and I was
insanely [ __ ] nervous about it's my
future you know and again I want to say
thank you to you guys the viewers
because you guys are the guys who were
here every day to get me through it
via moral support positive support on
streams actual you know Mon it's your II
support from time to time you guys have
been absolutely outstanding and amazing
and I thank you so much for it okay um
basketball America took me a dollar and
I said I look like kodak black I don't
even know who the hell that is either
but thanks for the dollar tip I don't
know what people are talking about here
Oh oops
um captain camin cheese's are you gonna
do a review to Xbox 360 video games no
because there's nothing to review it was
just trailers paradox at 130 video how
long have you had the Hat for since I
visited Tennessee
I believe the year was 2011 I could be
wrong I visited Tennessee to enter a
tournament Nashville Tennessee to enter
a tournament to qualify to go to super
battle opera and play Super Street
Fighter 2 turbo in Japan and represent
America but John Rambo beat me so he
went to Japan instead of me and I bought
this hat while I was in Tennessee
um and played Teutonia subscribe for 7
months thank you played to Tony for the
Reis up alright continuing on here um
let's see here uh Kill Bill 216 that's
the next question streaming six days a
week
twice a day can be very taxing on the
body I know most people think you just
play video games for a living they don't
seem to understand that everything you
do both on scene and behind the scenes
can be physically and mentally draining
you think people will ever understand
the side of a streamer or really only
see it as a person who just plays fun
games for a living I kind of see it like
sports athletes because they play a fun
sport for a living and they make money
most people don't want to hear them
complain about their tough job because
of this anyone who played sports will be
able to tell you how physically and
mentally tough you have to be uh for me
it's a mixed bag I absolutely love what
I do for a living I love gaming it was
my hobby before I did this for a living
I didn't intend to do this for a living
I felt into it completely inadvertently
okay um so it's kind of a weird story
when you really think about it um but
that being said um you know there are
definitely stressful things about it um
not that I want to go massive detail
about it but you know it's different
being self-employed versus having to get
up for a nine-to-five job you know the
separation of work and personal life is
very tough when you work as much as I do
you know like I'm here on stream six
days a week full time so I only get one
day away from my work a week that's
rough you know to maintain a family I
have a wife you to not be able to spend
a lot of time with my family because I'm
working so much and a lot of people
think that I'm overworked why don't I
take a day off I can't I can't take more
time off I have to be here to make money
to pay my bills to pay my taxes to pay
everything that I've had so much trouble
with for the past so many years and now
I got it now even now like now would be
the wrong time for me to try to take
more time off when I have to try to you
now have an opportunity to get back on
my feet financially and pay off all the
back stuff that I owe and everything now
is my chance to do that so taking even
more time off for personal time and
stuff would be really rough um now
listen I'm not some kind of an idiot I'm
not gonna sit here and tell you guys oh
my god my job is so physically draining
everyday it's not it's the opposite of
that I sit here on the couch playing
games and interacting with you guys on a
daily basis or oh you know talking with
you on a stream whether on a pre stream
or ask the King or whatever this is not
a physically demanding job
it is a mentally demanding job
absolutely I need to be able to play and
beat these games I need to be able to
have fun conversation with you guys to
be able to hold down the social
interaction every single day um you know
so you know it is in that regard it's
worth way more mental than physical but
you know I'm not a presumptuous idiot
who would say oh my god my job so hard
guys
it's not and immediately it's a lot
harder because I have so many [ __ ]
[ __ ] following me around constantly
harassing me threatening me and I am
where I am right now in my level of
popularity because of the level of
harassment that I've gotten over the
years if I never had this bandwagon
mentality of people oh it's fun to make
fun of Phil keep doing it I probably
would be way more popular and I'd be in
a position a bigger position I'm not
saying I would be a top guy but I
certainly would probably be at least in
a mid-level position of people who are
content creators I wouldn't be
bottom-of-the-barrel you know but it is
what it is there's things that are good
about it there's things that are bad
about it um it's definitely stressful um
but I love doing it as well
so that's kind of the trade-off for me
okay um do you feel oh hold on
question from dink boo dink boo ask the
following do you feel it's time to
change the music during your pre streams
and breaks sure the old-school remixes
are good and all but it may sound really
repetitive to the Daly viewers would you
be open to having remixes of video game
songs play on your streams instead of
the current playlist um
the reason that I use the music that I
use and because those are remixes of my
voice from my content legally I'm a
hundred percent covered no one could
ever say oh my god Phil that wasn't your
content like well it is because my voice
it's my gameplay that you used to rig a
remix without my permission I don't mind
but at the same time you know that's me
you can't give me a strike against my
account for using my own content right
um
I know there's tons of like royalty fee
music and stuff out there that maybe I
could use um if I ever had a hundred
percent you know people come in against
me and saying Phil we're just tired of
the pre stream music stop it I would but
I have added a lot of new stuff just in
the last six months I added these little
mini remixes and then I also added a
bunch of longer length remixes that were
ones that were kind of like I've almost
called them hitting jams things from
over the years that were there that I
never even realized were there and now I
was able to actually like put them
together into this music that I play um
so I definitely feel that like there's
been more variety it's not just the same
songs over and over there's a lot more
that's been added um but that's why I
don't play music That's not me you know
cuz I have so many issues of people
harassing me and reporting me for [ __ ]
that's not true you know if I went and
here's someone else's music on my pre
stream you'd have [ __ ] all over it
you know reporting now it's not using
that's not his property and blah blah it
was just caused problems but if ever
someone suggested oh man you know here's
some ah suggested music that you can use
that we knew his royalty-free in it's
okay to use I would consider doing it
okay um some more shout outs Dallas 88
wants me to unbanned them and then he
says for a hundred shriek rock the stash
the stash that I already have what first
of all Dallas that's not how you get
unbanned either have to contact a
moderator behind the scenes or you can
email me at darks I feel a hotmail.com
give me your information and I'll review
it alright I'm not gonna just on-the-fly
unbanned someone cuz they tipped me
during a stream okay I don't know what
you mean rocking the stache for the
hundred vests streak I'm wearing this -
now I don't get that well tongue loud to
me 3.86 senses much love to you thinkyou
tongue lad I appreciate that
20 dollars in tips so far today ma'am
oops
Wow we'll have an air $20 in tips I said
um cool ah so Grande tip me six dollars
and and basically says there's some news
story about white men shooting a black
jogger it's all over the news have I
heard about it I have not and as you
guys know um I'm not a political guy I
try not to make my content political and
so you know I don't think it's my place
to comment on I don't know think about
the stories I'm I'm staying away from
that one as far as possible
because I don't know what the situation
is Oh San does Phil give me a dollar and
says small shoulders are a sign of a
weak man alrighty then I don't know if
you're saying I have small shoulders or
broad shoulders or whatever but I
appreciate the tip regardless so thank
you for that mm-hmm oops what is going
on I just you know I'll take this gold
properly today for some reason um a
gangster did a fitting [ __ ] here he
says I hear you talking about working a
lot how do you find time to work in
between all your streams I don't know
what you're talking about it gangster
basketball American tip EU dollars I'm
glad to see you're back on your own two
feet don't let absent minded detractors
take away your shine because all right
thank you for the tip so up to $28 in
tips so far today thank you guys all
right um moving on even further here um
up next Baldy asks a question he's is
back in the day when you were
professional street fighter player you
everything back and feel like it went by
like a movie you have any regrets from
that time period I've already talked
about many many of those are grads
all right I've every already talked
about things that I've done I think
we're really stupid um and the thing is
that I feel that even though at the time
I feel that I met a lot of people that I
never would have met by the way if you
were known as I'm touching my ears
because of my [ __ ] ear infections and
I apologize for that guys it bothering
now that I'm talking a lot on camera
it's you know my ear infection is
bothering me and I apologize I'm
touching my ears so much um I met a lot
of people during my competitor Street
Fighter days that I never would have met
I traveled to a lot of places I never
would have traveled you know just off
the top of my
states that I've been to in the United
States just because a street fighter
um Maryland Virginia Florida um
Massachusetts New Jersey New York oh
[ __ ] what's that little state not New
Hampshire oh god I came her the name of
that tiny state Oh Rhode Island Rhode
Island um Chicago Illinois and
surrounding areas
um I already said Texas Texas I went to
multiple times California and oh and
Nevada of course Las Vegas I went to all
those places just because a street
fighter I met people from all over the
world including not only all those
places I just mentioned but Canada Japan
Europe all these people and we had fun
we had interaction we had you know not
only playing Street Fighter but just
meeting each other and sharing each
other's information about culture and
just having fun and that was a chapter
of my life that I will always look back
on and say there's really good times
that I had there you know mm-hmm but at
the same time I also looked back at that
and I say damn that was a big chunk of
my life you know from the years of like
I was maybe like 18 to 20 years old all
the way until I started on YouTube you
know that was a giant chunk of my life
seven eight years were all of my efforts
and focus were put towards competitive
shoe fighter tons of money thousands
upon thousands of dollars traveling and
paying for hotel rooms flight tickets
and money to enter these tournaments and
of course food for what you know if you
really look at it at the end of the day
after all that time ended did I really
have anything to say to speak oh sure I
have won some tournaments but people
always talk [ __ ] about those are
illegitimate wins um by the time that
really it became something that you can
make a living doing less you fight or
for I was out of it I wasn't really into
it anymore
and because of my back injury which now
is mostly gone which is amazing but back
then I couldn't even travel to do stuff
and I remember I remember the last
tournament I intended okay I was having
so many back problems at the time and
this was like about nine years ago I
tweaked a disc or nerve in my neck
and I had numbness and shooting pain
from my neck into my shoulder down the
front of my arm into my thumb and I
couldn't feel my thumb for three months
and I went to this tournament and I
couldn't even play like I went to this
tournament I spent all this money and I
couldn't play the games so I sat in my
hotel room and I play Dragon Age instead
because I couldn't play the games
because I couldn't feel my thumb um and
that's not good
you know that's terrible and that's what
I mean like all that invested and what
did I really get out of it so maybe if I
had become a professional street fighter
player around the time I Street Fighter
4 and I got sponsorships and I made a
living doing it that would have been one
thing but I did it during this time when
it was very grassroots during a time
when like it was you were doing it for
the love of it you were doing it for the
love of the games and the love of
competitor Street Fighter and to keep
the community Ally that really there was
no support from Capcom at that time they
weren't making any new games or whatever
from the year like 2002 like 2008 or 9
calculon was not making any new fighting
games anymore so in reality it was more
like if you want to keep this alive it's
a great personal sacrifice and great
personal struggle which it was for me um
and so I look back at those times is the
time a great happiness where I met so
many people and I had so much fun I
traveled and went to all these places I
never would have went at the same time I
kind of look back I'm like man you know
that was a major part of my life when I
was younger I had energy that was before
my back injury that was the time when
maybe I could have built been building
myself up a career to work in and
instead I was more focused on Street
Fighter than worrying about my job you
know so it's kind of like a mixed bag
for me there's stuff that I regret but
there's also stuff that I definitely
enjoyed about the time um I use most
things with life I don't think there's
many people in life who could look back
and say wow everything went perfectly
according to plan everything was great
and I'm so happy that things worked out
that way perfectly right that's really
not been my experience at least there's
always good that you take with the bad
so that's kind of my feelings about my
era of my life that I was a pro Street
Fighter player okay um hands Salah asks
the following how do you think the Neo
series compares
the souls born series mm-hmm if you had
to rank them what goes top to bottom on
your list okay um I would say overall
the best game of that is still Dark
Souls 1
I still think Dark Souls 1 is like way
up here because it was the game even
though Demon Souls came before it
Dark Souls 1 has the best world design
in that there's there's you know fire
pits but cool mystical forests crystal
caverns giant libraries it's still one
of the bigger Dark Souls games um I
still like some of the boss designs and
that game too um and in reality you can
go back and you can replay Dark Souls
one so many different ways you could do
a hybrid class of a peer melee a magic
class you can nerf you know to this day
they're people who are still playing
dark souls one in new ways so I think
Dark Souls 1 is still the top of the
ladder for me when it comes to that
style of game alright um neo and neo 2
are great games for the gameplay meaning
the combat I actually feel that the
combat of neo and neo 2 is exceptionally
good because those games unlike the
fromsoftware games ok are the souls born
games you do something in neo you
immediately get that happening on your
television whether it's your dodging
your parrying your you know whatever
you're doing the immediate response in
the souls board games there's this a
natural wind up and move and it's just
kind of sluggish and they did it on
purpose
but in neo boom you get your reaction
immediately for whatever you're doing
but the neo games number 1 or reuse
assets way too much there's not enough
enemy variety in the Neo games and they
use a lot of maps and they use a lot of
enemies over and over and over and in to
the point of ad nauseam it's kind of the
same [ __ ] over and over and I feel that
neo has certain stages and certain
things settle to frustrate the player
artificially like for example I feel
that neo 2 has sides quests that are
purposely set up to be unfair to pile on
the frustration on the player now some
people will be like
well when I finally persevere I feel
good but when I play Dark Souls or you
know ah any souls board game I don't
feel it's like that like is there a
challenge yes is there unfair parts of
the game sure but is there ever a part
of thinking that's just so insane
oh my god why is there so much insanity
in this little narrow area I don't ever
really feel that way about souls boring
games I'll rage alright and I'll get
angry like remember when I played secure
oh and I beat the Guardian a but then I
had to fight two of them at once
holy [ __ ] like you're really pounding my
nuts on this one but it's kind of fair
the way they set this stuff up Oh The
Guardian Aves aren't too high level
Guardian Eames one of them is kind of
weak and you can persevere and you can
win you see what I'm saying um so for me
like I think from software games are
more fair while the Neo games are
purposely set up to be unfair but then
they gave you more responsive controls
to kind of balance that out I still
think the fromsoftware games are better
I'll be honest I do I feel that from
software games are better overall with
better world design better boss design
not to say that the Neo games don't have
that but I do feel that neo is kind of
repetitive with a lot of the world
design and stuff like that
being very Asian culture oriented and
everything while the from software games
can be more varied and stuff um now if
you're asking my personal rankings of
all the games I would probably say first
its Dark Souls number one number two
would probably be blood-borne and then
number three
maybe Dark Souls 3 and then maybe number
four would be like neo 1 and I'll be
honest like like Dark Souls 2 um and
secure oh and neo 2 and and Demon Souls
are all good games in their own right
but I don't think they're as good as the
other games that I mentioned that's my
personal opinion you completely disagree
with me okay um okay let's see here an
anonymous dollar tipper is asking me if
I like young what I play young thug or
Lu Zhi on my priests train no I would
never do that not only do I not know
what their music is but I would get into
massive trouble I'm sure that's not
gonna happen but thank you for the
dollar tip regardless cool ah so grande
took me ten dollars instead focused on
my cell well cool ah so I feel all
I don't figure out what cool Osso means
why do you mean like giant heaving like
dick or something let's find out
huge-ass ah I guess that's not that bad
Hugh Jass is better than like giant
shlong I guess so
colossal Grande is the top chipper of
today with the $10 tip he said focused
on myself I don't know what that means
but thank you for that um let's see here
basketball Americans hit me a dollar I
said and he's talking about oh my god
you're disgusting you're a disgusting
fool and I'm not gonna address that
potentially the dollar tip what of what
a disgusting freak um Dark Knight Chris
what's going on sir he took me twenty
dollars he says hey dude sorry I've been
around a lot golf courses have finally
reopened after a month so I've been
doing that good to see ya
so finally you're working again that's
awesome cuz you know at the very
beginning of this pandemic I heard from
a lot of my viewers saying man we've
been out of work and things have been
rough and it sounds like darkside Chris
is back to work so thank you very much
darkside Chris for the $20 that is super
generous of you and you would have been
the top tipper except cool ah so grab a
then tip $30 and said focused on myself
so cool oh so grande is currently the
top tipper of the stream and we are up
to 90 dollars and tips already and we're
still in part one of ask the king Wow
thank you guys for the support um honest
fan did a 555 bit series that glad to
hear you're feeling better every gag on
stream like from allergies gag no I
don't think so um have I ever just felt
like really like bad yeah a few years
ago um I actually didn't feel well I
thought I was gonna pass out a few times
on stream and I didn't know what was
going on with me I actually believe it
was I had a really high blood pressure
cuz I'm stress and [ __ ] going on in my
life and in reality when that started to
happen to me and I was like damn I'm
just sitting here playing games and I
feel like I'm gonna pass out there's a
big problem here and so I started
changing my eating habits and I started
changing at my sleeping habits to try to
be more in line with like normal life
and I actually felt better since then
so okay um ladies and gentlemen I
actually think this is a good
opportunity for us to take a break let's
take our first break I've asked the King
this will be a short break maybe 10-15
minutes tops so
watching live on stream just hang out
I'll be back in a few minutes if you're
watching on YouTube on demand
obviously this part will end and they'll
be as two part two and probably a part 3
coming up in addition on YouTube so
let's take a short break and then I'll
be back with part two of a sticking in
just a moment thank you everyone for
your support so far and I'll see you in
just a bit
Thanks